Add Mirador 2 maintenance status info (#3455)
ProjectMirador/mirador: README.md

> ⚠️ This README reflects the latest version of Mirador, Mirador 3. Mirador 2 is no longer actively maintained. [ProjectMirador/mirador](https://github.com/projectmirador/mirador) will no longer accept pull requests or support requests for Mirador 2. Legacy documentation can be consulted on the [Mirador 2 wiki](https://github.com/ProjectMirador/mirador-2-wiki/wiki). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This project is for the Mirador 3, the latest version of Mirador. For Mirador 2, please see  [ProjectMirador/mirador2](https://github.com/projectmirador/mirador2) or legacy documentation on the [Mirador 2 wiki](https://github.com/ProjectMirador/mirador-2-wiki/wiki). Please note that the community's focus is now on Mirador 3 and the future, and is unlikely to accept pull requests or provide support for Mirador 2.
```

🤷‍♂️

Reviewer 2: Tweaked it a bit but it looks good to me.
